good afternoon dear friends with you i am
Irina wine berger and site knit on Neva
today I will show you how to knit double
a hat with earflaps on a knitting machine
two on other knitting machines and her
You can also knit the hat
one piece then stitches time
required to perform this model
two hours for knitting and the same for
stitching
yarn consumption for caps 56 size 250
grams of them 200 grams of wool blend
210 meters of yarn in 50 grams
it is used in 2 additions with me and
50 grams of fine knit yarn
This cap is not recommended as in
In this case, the cap will not keep the shape
The main viscous cap is either
front or back surface
depending on which way you are
planning to decorate the cuffs on the cap
Of these methods, the set all depends on
of your taste and desire it may be
just yarn of a different color here you are
You can see that the main viscous cap
is the facial surface it can be
imitation fur
as the fur is visible only from the purl
hand knitting then and the main knitting
caps in this case will be
wrong surface or as in my
the case is just weed here as well
the main viscous will be
seamy surface usually when knitting
weed hairiness is distributed
evenly on both sides of knitting but it
only if knit through
one needle that is to do the canvas
enough ryh but since the canvas in
this model is loose to have the right
have to knit on all needles
and lose hairiness on the face
the side is why the main account
mating in this case use
wrong side
if someone wants to have a plain hat
then decorate the cuffs can be embossed
patterns whose examples can be easily
find on the internet in particular and on my
site on the page relief patterns for
calculating the scheme you will need two measurements
head circumference in my case is 56
centimeters and distance from eyebrow line
to the top or the back of my head this
respectively 19 cm
scheme caps you can download from my
site is a clean template that you
you can print and write your own in it
measurements
horizontally set aside
head circumference minus 46 centimeters
for a snug fit there look
yourself how tight and your mating will be
and distribute vertically
distance from the eyebrows to the crown
about half the height
the main part of the cap and the height of the wedge
the length of the cuffs is calculated as follows
way divided and the length of the cap into 3 parts
one third is set aside half the back
lapel with left ear one third to
lapel for forehead and one third
half rear cuff with right
ear flap width
centimeters less than the height of the main part
caps number of rows
hats ear should be equal to the sum of rows
the main part of the cap and the wedge that is
if the height of the main part of the cap and
wedge make up 70 rows then and ear
must
knitted on 70 rows otherwise ears on
the top of the head will not be able to tie the cord
points and this is an auxiliary table
will help me not to get confused when
vyvyazyvanii wedges
here in the posts first client 2 3 4 i
pencil or pen will celebrate
which item
made in the column with grandma loops I
having calculated in advance how much
loops on which row I will add
Well, it seems, and everything goes to
knitting